okay here's a short vid on how to use
the a box 6 1 5 as a toggle so let's say
you watch my video or you got your 6 1 5
already tied from a bomb right which is
a 3 byte 8 lead searching ok that's a 3
by 8 Turks head basically
all right so you got your 625 tied and
your strange to be looking like this
this one right here is my standing in
this is my running in ok so I'm gonna
take the standing in which is this one
right here and I'm gonna run this up
through the center to the other side
okay yeah that's gonna get tucked in
there just like so alright and I'll get
to see it it's in there I bet your
little heinie it's in there alright now
what I do is I take the running strand
of the sixth one five and I'm gonna take
this I'm gonna run this up through the
same hole that's coming out of right
there and I'm gonna go big to the right
okay and I run that up like so I'm
twisting as you go now if you want to
use an additional cord which I usually
do that's how your bracelet on then what
I would do is get your core strands
right here and these would be cut and
sanded on the side or you probably even
tuck them in a little bit so they're
hidden so it won't look so ugly
alright and then you get a core strand
here as well you can use you can short
it may be long whatever you need to for
adjust it for your wrist right now if
you wanted to use one cord for your
whole bracelet then you could take these
here instead of running them out to the
ends you can bring them back through
here at the bottom somehow you know best
way you see fit and then use these here
as running strands to tie your bracelet
on here but me I like to use an
additional cord so this is one piece so
let's say you're stranded and you're in
a survival situation okay they may
happen
don't knock it so and you want to help
somebody out because you have a Pyrrhic
or bracelet right because you're smart
like that now use an additional cord so
let's say we got this come with somewhat
firm don't paint this extremely just yet
okay because you stuffed adjust for this
for the length that you need right so
leave one pass still enough to be
tightened before you do a you know final
tightening phase on it all right but you
got it where you want it out you take
additional cord and you start tying
let's say you Sullivan alright alright
so I take additional cord just starts
trying to sell them in and go away down
and me personally I like to keep
bracelets loose in case you ever do need
it which I always keep a hank of cord on
and just you know go out there alright
so and of course you got your toggle got
your core strands and just tie
additional cord on put your bracelet
whatever braid you want okay and then of
course when you get on here you have to
leave a little bit of loop here for your
toggle now please keep in mind the
shrinkage if it gets wet want to leave a
nice-sized loop in case it gets wet
because that toggles kind of long
alright and you don't want that to
shrink too much well you can't get the
toggle through okay now again you're in
a survival situation anyone hope ya the
other folks out right well guess what
leave a loose enough you just pull this
out and bam you know you can give them
this piece which is what you know if
they unravel it'll be about two feet I'd
say maybe two to have feet that's what
you hope them out a little bit I mean
come on give yourself a you know pat on
the back for that and here you got the
main piece you know which would be the
you know six to eight feet okay so there
you have it alright and again you want
to use these as you're running strands
you can pray bring them out through here
keep them kind of close because you
don't like right here because then when
you put the loop on air I slide over
this and there's your bracelet and
probably cry about it
alright so there you have it and again
when you're tying a braid make sure you
keep it loose you can adjust this
alright leaving one pass left to be
tight on this and guess what once you do
get it situated you got everything
tighten you tied your bracelet you
cutting stings all ends whatever I would
recommend taking this and dip it in the
hot water it'll really hardened up it'll
really harden it well to where you know
it won't been on you like this when you
keep put it in your loop for your
bracelet okay alright no one like that a
little good one like that straight okay
good alright so there you have it six
one five is a toggle
got a copy d-man Oh